Adds back a fig in Docs/Model/Grids + example with `Flat` topology (#2614)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/model_setup/grids.md

# Grids

The grids currently supported are:
- `RectilinearGrid`s with either constant or variable grid spacings and
- `LatitudeLongitudeGrid` on the sphere.

> Each dimension can have different spacings.

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary.

```suggestion
```

in the ``y``- and ``z``-dimensions is build with,

```jldoctest
julia> grid = RectilinearGrid(topology = (Periodic, Bounded, Bounded), size = (64, 64, 32), extent = (1e4, 1e4, 1e3))
64×64×32 RectilinearGrid{Float64, Periodic, Bounded, Bounded} on CPU with 3×3×3 halo
├── Periodic x ∈ [0.0, 10000.0) regularly spaced with Δx=156.25
├── Bounded  y ∈ [0.0, 10000.0] regularly spaced with Δy=156.25
└── Bounded  z ∈ [-1000.0, 0.0] regularly spaced with Δz=31.25
```

> The `Flat` topology comes handy when running problems with less than 3 dimensions. As an example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Flat` topology comes in handy when running problems with fewer than 3 dimensions. As an example,
```

Reviewer 2: "fewer" is grammatically correct here
